com/example/carbonfootprint/ResultsBarChartFragment.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsBarChartFragment
com/example/carbonfootprint/WasteResults.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$Chk_class
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$Chk_class1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$Chk_class2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$Chk_class3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WasteResults$Chk_class4
com/example/carbonfootprint/Transportation.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$10
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$11
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$6
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$7
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$8
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Transportation$9
com/example/carbonfootprint/ResultsTabbedActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsTabbedActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsTabbedActivity$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsTabbedActivity$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/CardViewPastResults.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.CardViewPastResults
com/example/carbonfootprint/DemoCalculatorActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DemoCalculatorActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DemoCalculatorActivity$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DemoCalculatorActivity$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsData.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsData
com/example/carbonfootprint/HomeEnergyReduceEmissions.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergyReduceEmissions
com/example/carbonfootprint/ResultsFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsFragmentAdapter
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsFragmentAdapter
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsLineChartFragment.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsLineChartFragment
com/example/carbonfootprint/HomeEnergy.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergy$6
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsListFragment.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsListFragment
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsListFragment$1
com/example/carbonfootprint/CardViewSettings.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.CardViewSettings
com/example/carbonfootprint/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$6
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SettingsActivity$7
com/example/carbonfootprint/CustomXAxisRenderer.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.CustomXAxisRenderer
com/example/carbonfootprint/WelcomeScreen.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WelcomeScreen
 com.example.carbonfootprint.WelcomeScreen$1
com/example/carbonfootprint/RecyclerViewAdapterSettings.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterSettings
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterSettings$OnItemClickListenerSettings
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterSettings$ViewHolderRecyclerViewSettings
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterSettings$ViewHolderRecyclerViewSettings$1
com/example/carbonfootprint/ResultsPieChartFragment.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsPieChartFragment
com/example/carbonfootprint/AboutActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.AboutActivity
com/example/carbonfootprint/LocationActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.LocationActivity
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsTabbedActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsTabbedActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsTabbedActivity$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsTabbedActivity$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/PastResultsDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsDetailsActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.PastResultsDetailsActivity$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/SuggestionPage.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionPage
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionPage$1Check_class
com/example/carbonfootprint/InitiateCalculator.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$6
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateCalculator$7
com/example/carbonfootprint/RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults$ViewHolderRecyclerView
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults$ViewHolderRecyclerView$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.RecyclerViewAdapterPastResults$ViewHolderRecyclerView$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/userInfo.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.userInfo
com/example/carbonfootprint/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DatabaseHelper
com/example/carbonfootprint/ResultsFootprintFragment.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsFootprintFragment
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsFootprintFragment$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsFootprintFragment$1$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.ResultsFootprintFragment$2
com/example/carbonfootprint/Waste.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$6
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$7
 com.example.carbonfootprint.Waste$8
com/example/carbonfootprint/SuggestionsPage.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$10
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$11
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$4
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$5
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$6
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$7
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$8
 com.example.carbonfootprint.SuggestionsPage$9
com/example/carbonfootprint/InitiateSuggestionsActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.InitiateSuggestionsActivity
com/example/carbonfootprint/DemoHomeActivity.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DemoHomeActivity
 com.example.carbonfootprint.DemoHomeActivity$1
com/example/carbonfootprint/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.BuildConfig
com/example/carbonfootprint/HomeEnergySuggestions.java
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergySuggestions
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergySuggestions$1
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergySuggestions$2
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergySuggestions$3
 com.example.carbonfootprint.HomeEnergySuggestions$4
